Elementor is awesome. I like it more every time I use it. I suppose that has to do with my increasing knowlege of how to use it, but also because you guys are constantly refining and improving it. The Elementor team does a great job with that. Keep up the good work.

One of my favorite features is the Global Widget. But it seems that the philosophy behind a global widget is to facilitate fast site-wide changes to content anywhere that the global widget is included on a website. The ability to go into our dashboards to the Elementor "Saved Templates" section and click "Add New" (global widget) or "Edit with Elementor" on an existing one would be something that falls in line with and promotes that philosophy.

A possible argument against there being a "Edit with Elementor" or an "Add New" Global might be that one can simply load a post or page where the global is included and edit it from there. Another might be that it may make it too easy to make a mess of the site quickly if easy access to creation or change were provided from the logical place one might think they should go to make such changes.

Counter arguments to both of those points would be Elementor shortcodes. The shortcodes generated by Elementor are a wonderful feature. They allow someone to design in Elementor and then use the created design anywhere in the site. This means that a global can be created and the post it was created from then deleted but the widget still exists as a global in the template library. It can then be used in the most of obscure places, inside of a piece of php code for instance. And maybe that php code could live inside some other plugin. Maybe this was setup this way a couple years ago and finding it could be a real challenge. In this case, the person who wants to make the quick site-wide change has to create a new page or post and drop the global onto it in order to edit it. Then delete the scrap page when they are done editing.

A most helpful and much appreciated feature would be the addtion of "Add New" global and "Edit with Elementor" inside the saved template library. 

Also the ability to save sections as a global would be very nice. Maybe we would like to add another widget to our global for a combined effect to that obsure piece of PHP code that was burried so long ago. In that case, simply adding another widget to an already existing global widget would be the ticket to a much better day than finding the piece of obsure PHP cose so that the shortcoded could be changed.

We can talk later about having "My Templates" be the default tab that is displayed in the library when we click the "Add template" button inside the Elementor editor instead of "Pages". How many pages are we like to add to a single page after all? How many times might we add a section that we already designed for use with the current website?

Thanks for your ear. (Or eyes as it were)
